manage services

our manage services help you with the operation of your information technology environtments, we demonstrate our capability in the design, transition, delivery and inprovement of our services. we strive to provide the best service to your organization by producting, delivery services and providing support functions that meet your needs and expectations.

security

IT security risks take mane shapes and forms nowdays. By investing in the right people, processes, and technology, organizations can block some of the most persistent threats facing them today, cyber security is the use of various technologies and processes to protect networks, computers, program and data from attack, demage or unauthorized access. this lets only authorized users run sunctioned applications, greatly reducting the surface area of cyber attacks across the organization

consulting services

as technology rapid evolves, it's more important than ever to have an innovation advisor on your side. Whether it's time to create a new vision or put one into place, we can help you uncover the best tech to solve your toughest business problem no matter the industry. We'll partner with you to determine the right combination of technologies for your business-from the tech that exists today to emerging tech tomorrow.

datacenter and cloud insfrastructure

clarus-it can help to modernize your organization insfrastructure, migrate applications and data to the cloud, and build analytics solution on data platforms in the cloud. Whit this, it opens the comfort zone of your data center and it will become more secure, more flexible, more reliable, and full controll on your own.

digital business platform

The Digital Business Platform (DBP) promises to help organzations to reach their desired outcomes while incorporating the continuous emergence of technologies. We believe digital evolution is about finding smarter ways of doing business in order to stay relevant and competitive. We help you look at your business through the lens of digital evolution, identify opportunities for positive change, and develope a roadmap to grow your cire business which are support4ed by technology that unlocks this potential.

leading to the bright future - clarus-it is one of the fastest growing IT Solution Providers in indonesia

our solution - Provide and actively pursue innovate technologies and new opportunities

clarus-it is well-equipped to provide comprehensive, quality services to meet growing demands in the industry

our partner - our global partner network are experienced in delivering high quality services.


why clarus-it

we see the opportunity of a technology that powered the bussinesses innovation and decided to use that technology to empowering businesses by building, integrating, and providing consulting the customers need.

our teams consist of passionate and dynamic professionals with regular refreshed necessary knowledge, skill set, and experience to deliver quality solutions and help your organization to stay on top of the market trends and strengthening your value propositions to keep growing.